How was your day?	1
You need to be terrified of me.	0
You look good tonight.	1
Calm down please.	0
I am tired of this shit.	0
Tell me about your day.	1
Shut up or I'll kick your ass.	0
I'll fucking do it.	0
Let's plan something nice for the weekend.	1
Where should we go eat tonight?	1
I don't care about what you have to say right now.	0
It is all your fault.	0
I would be scared if I were you right now.	0
How did the kids do at school today?	1
Should we go out for a walk?	1
I will kill you with my own hands.	0
You are fucking useless.	0
Don't disrespect me or I will do something bad.	0
What have you cooked tonight darling?	1
I have bought you something and I want you to close your eyes.	1
Don't mess with me bitch.	0
How do you like the food honey?	1
I cooked your favorite food and I hope you like it.	1
Stop breaking things please!	0
I will do whatever you want, just please stop.	0
Please think of our children, don't do this.	0
I beg you, don't do something that you might regret later.	0
Thank you for cheering me up.	1
You are the best wife in the world and I am happy to have you in my life.	1
You are a fucking liar.	0
Get away from me.	0
If I'm going to jail I'm gonna earn it.	0
If you don't calm down I will call the police.	0
I was thinking of the next place where we should have our holidays and I think we should visit Europe this time.	1
I hope I made you feel better.	1
Call the 911 now.	0
We should look for other options as I don't think it's a good idea.	1
I will kill all of you tonight.	0
You deserve to die.	0
Nothing good ever comes out of you.	0
Please tell me we are going to that restaurant you promised to take me.	1
You look beautiful in that dress babe.	1
I will shoot you right in the face.	0
I am okay with spending the rest of my life in prison.	0
I am okay with going to prison.	0
Don't do this for the love of God.	0
Don't make me do this, I don't want to hurt you.	0
You look stressed, is everything fine love?	1
I think we need sometime alone to forget about everything and relax.	1
What do you think we should do tomorrow?	1
I stil think of the first day we met.	1
I love you and I always will.	1
I think we need to get new furnitures for the kitchen.	1
I am so happy that you solved your problem at work.	1
Get dressed quickly, the taxi is here.	1
Aren't you going to work today?	1
Is the dinner ready yet babe?	1
Well, what's for dinner tonight?	1
I am going out with my friends, don't wait for me.	1
Did you iron my clothes yet?	1
what should we watch tonight?	1
I am fine with you being dead.	0
I wii be fine without you, you are going to die now.	0
I am fine with going to jail.	0
I want to know your opinion about it.	1
I will do it right away.	1
Have a nice day!	1
Have fun in jail.	0
I'm gonna fucking hurt him.	0
Get your hands off me.	0
Get away from me.	0
You are out of control, you need to calm down.	0
Put the phone down or I will hurt you.	0
Put your gun away.	0
Get your gun away from me.	0
Cops come knock on my door, you're dead. 0
I don't want to die, please.	0
What should we do for the birthday party hun?	1
I bought you this and I hope you like it.	1
I am okay with you being dead.	0
I am okay with spending the rest of my life in jail.	0
I am okay with going to jail.	0
I am fine with going to prison.	0
I am fine with spending the rest of my life behind bars.	0
You always look beautiful.	1
You look gorgeous today.	1
I fall in love with you everyday.	1
Have you seen my jacket?	1
Have you seen my phone?	1
I cannot find my phone.	1
Put your phone down or I'll shoot you.	0
Where did the kids go?	1
Please put your phone down and pay attention to me.	1
Put your phone down and pay attention to me babe.	1
My friend is in jail, I feel bad for him.	1
Put your phone down and don't try to call anyone or I will shoot you.	0
My mother went to the hospital today, I need to go and see her.	1
We have a work dinner tonight, I hope it is not anything important.	1
I hope my presentation goes well today.	1
I love you honey.	1
I will kill you bitch.	0
I can make you feel better, talk to me.	1
Thank you.	1